Create rule S6614 (#1804)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6614/why-dotnet.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Generating a new Regex instance for every use can result in costly compilation of complex patterns or large strings, leading to slower execution times and higher memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating a new `Regex` instance for every method call can result in costly compilations of complex patterns or large strings, leading to slower execution times and higher memory usage.
```

> Utilizing a single Regex instance can optimize performance and decrease memory usage by avoiding the overhead of compiling the regular expression pattern repeatedly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilizing a single `Regex` instance can optimize performance and decrease memory usage by avoiding the overhead of compiling the regular expression pattern repeatedly.
```
